Before entering into this Deed, the User has obtained, or has had the opportunity and have has elected not to obtain, separate and independent legal, accounting and financial advice as to the terms of this Deed and as to the User’s obligations, rights and liabilities under this Deed. 
AT relies on this warranty and representation given by the User.
All Parties intend for this Deed to be binding.
The User understands that this Deed continues to operate despite the death of the User, and operates in favour of, and is binding on, the legal personal representative of that Party.
The Parties have entered this Deed with the intention that it will still apply with a binding effect to the fullest extent possible notwithstanding any material change in the circumstances of any Party.
No Party has entered this Deed as the result of any undue influence, unconscionable conduct, duress or similar circumstances of pressure, necessity or unequal bargaining power and all Parties were fully cognisant of the advantages and disadvantages of so entering at the time of making an informed choice in the affirmative.
The User warrants that it will not use the SUA for any illegal or immoral purpose.
The User will do all things reasonably necessary, including but not limited to the execution and lodgement of any requisite documents, to give effect to the provisions of this Deed.
The User will refrain from doing anything, including but not limited to the execution of a last will and testament with inconsistent provisions to this Deed, that may potentially jeopardise the operation or effect of any of the provisions of this Deed, and the User acknowledges and agrees that any such act will be void or voidable at the discretion of AT.
The User warrants that it has provided true and accurate personal identification information to AT, and that the User accepts responsibility for the use of the User’s SUA under any and all circumstances, whether or not such use was authorised by or even known to the User.
The User specifically warrants to AT that the User understands, acknowledges and accepts the provisions of this Deed, and in particular, clauses 5 to 9 inclusive herein.