ScrubUp is a mobile surgical reference guide that allows the surgical nurse or technician to create their own surgical preferences for each of their surgeons and save the details according to the surgeons’ specialty.

ScrubUp is prepopulated with useful tools for the novice nurse so they can safely and confidently prepare for a surgical procedure. ScrubUp allows the more experienced surgical nurse or technician to build, add and delete information so they can customise and create their own surgical preference list for each of their surgeons. Images of equipment such as loan sets, prostheses and how a surgeon prefers their operating room setup can all be stored and attached to each surgical procedure. If permitted a photographic image of each surgeon can be used as an introductory template to the surgeons own surgical preferences and specialty. Once a surgeon’s profile has been created, ScrubUp will allow you to feel confident in your instrumentation and operating room preparation. You will have the ability to review and prepare yourself for any of your surgeons’ procedures at a time convenient to you.  ScrubUp allows the user to download only the surgical specialties they may be involved in, some fields are prepopulated with information on instruments trays and draping but all fields can be deleted to allow for individual customisation.

Allis Technology is the brains behind ‘ScrubUp’, and, as a technology based nursing enterprise, is extremely passionate about perioperative nurse education. Founded and developed in Sydney, Australia and with a wealth of operating room experience, Allis Technology truly understands the needs of both instrument and circulating nurses and technicians.

ScrubUp was developed to help alleviate the anxiety and tension operating room nurses and technicians feel when preparing for an unfamiliar procedure and/or surgeon. Allis Technology harnesses available resources to create a more supportive, flexible way to aid and support surgical technicians and nurses across all levels of expertise. The surgical nurse and/or technician can utilise the knowledge gained by using ‘ScrubUp’ as a reliable resource tool, to enable them to confidently complete their role, thereby exceeding the demands of the surgery and their surgeons.